p8105_restroom_final
================

### The group members (names and UNIs)

- Kw3104
- Hn2453
- Ryw2109
- Map2365
- Mw3845

### Operational Restrooms Across NYC

Although public restrooms are readily available to us, they are not
always usable. This could be due to malfunctions of the restroom or the
entirety of the restroom is closed due to the location being closed for
holiday or for the season. Analyzing the available of operational
restrooms in NYC may help to prevent individuals from going to public
restroom while worrying it may not be available.

#### The intended final products

Our final product will be a comprehensive webpage with four main
sections: an introduction to the project and dataset, data
visualizations comparing restroom conditions, an interactive map of
operational restrooms, and a detailed report with findings and future
recommendations. This will allow users to explore restroom accessibility
and discover patterns in restroom availability across different areas of
NYC.

#### The anticipated data sources and planned analyses / visualizations / coding challenges

We will source our data from NYC Open Data on Public Restrooms and the
NOAA dataset from our class resources. Planned analyses will include
mapping operational restrooms by location using latitude and longitude,
visualizing accessibility across NYC train stations, and comparing
restrooms by accessibility and gender accommodations. A significant
challenge may be aligning columns from the two datasets for accurate
analysis.

#### The planned timeline

Our timeline includes completing data tidying by 11/22/2024,
visualizations by 11/30/2024, the webpage by 12/06/2024, and a recorded
presentation by 12/12/2024. Our team will collaborate on GitHub for
proposal creation, using .Rmd to render the document as a GitHub
document for submission.
